Allow expressions for my_constants (#1874)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

Users can define their own constants in the input file.
These constants can be used for any parameter that consists in one real number.
User-defined constant names can contain only letters, numbers and the character ``_``.
The name of each constant has to begin with a letter. The following names are used
by WarpX, and cannot be used as user-defined constants: ``x``, ``y``, ``z``, ``X``, ``Y``, ``t``.

> The values of the constants can include the predefined WarpX constants listed above as well as previously defined constants.

Reviewer: Potentially this wording to avoid implying that they need to be in order:
```suggestion
The values of the constants can include the predefined WarpX constants listed above as well as other user-defined constants.
```
